These charges were punished to members of this committee, and other interested senators
and Congressmen, as they resolved their increasing interest in the subject of privacy, the
G. David Shaw.
Right now, I'm going to bring something up with that I just want to bring out.
In fact, I just want to be one of our accountors here at the table about this.
At the time we just got to, we didn't feel as if it's significant to over-view the conference
of the 21st, I considered, are considerable significant now.
This, my assets, and views your assessments, who did it today, as the charges and made public
as a result of our trust from Senator Parker.
If you were to learn now that the charges were written, that they suggest that Mr. Adams
of the White House left, and Mr. Rogers of the Attorney General of office, if you were
to learn that the force of Senator Parker rules that letter, you received a call from
the president.
I am the executive department, I'm not speaking about the Pentagon.
Asking him if he would include his right-side letter, so the charges could be made public.
But if it was you to be used as a vehicle for that, would you still fix your trust relief
that you and you alone were responsible, me and I say I'm not going to ask another
matter, anyone else, the name, the executive of special, I have very high respect for the
individual involved, I'm sure he didn't do it in the dawn, but can you answer the question,
is that too involved Mr. Parker?
I think it's too involved, too complicated, too hypothetical.
I think Senator Parker should make it too worthwhile.
I'm not going to clarify the question, the question which Senator asked Secretary Stacy
about somebody in the high position of the State of America government, is asking that
the letter be directed to Secretary of Defense to secure this information, I agree that
that occurs.
However, I think the purpose of the letter was not in accordance with what was done there,
a state purpose of the letter, as well as the members of this committee.
As my understanding is that it is complicated to provide official relief, executive
and to government, then you get Mr. Parker's want to be ready to bring it to members of the
other public in the Congress, but there have been always one from the majority side of
the public committee, and it all turned us for us to have to assume you responsible.
And we should have a confidence in thought.
So, what is to be used as an example, one that was not to be used as a vehicle for security,
but it was to use the effort to get to this floor at least as soon as other members
were asked.
So, I think to be all furnace to the official working fellowgers, alludes to that we should
clarify that.
And they turn and fire you around the wheels, Senator.
And while they are going around the table for more questions, let's return to our studio
to cooperate to amend our stations to identify each other.
This is 18th television network.
The next part, warming up the sort of thing he told us on the radio was not a 70-footing
or a 50-footing.
I think always we'll be there, but he certainly reports directly to me, and is one of my
facts, but as I understand it, you told Senator Stammington in response to one of his questions.
That's right.
Mr. Adams received his orders and certainly orders pertaining to the preparation and
prosecution of each other directly for me.
That's the right one.
That's right.
Now you were away from the country, and in the party, as we understand it, on January 21.
Did you know of a meeting between your counsel, Mr. Adams, and the attorney general, Mr.
Brown, Mr. Rogers, Mr. Chairman Adams, Mr. Henry Cabas-Motton, before you returned to this
country to see this?
No, I'm not sure if I forgot facts.
I knew that when, third February, the third day of preparation, which would be some
approximate mid-Saham hour 12 days, that's the one to the meeting of January 21.
Now you were as opposed to the testimony of Adam and his red, and we stated that on January 21,
a suggestion was made to him by Mr. Chairman Adams that he prepared a statement of all of
the events concerning the day's desire of collecting this message.
I'd like to have that question read back for you.
You have heard that certainly a part of the testimony of Mr. Dunkey, Adam Drey, in which
the testimony was made to him.
That Mr. Chairman Adams suggested to him on January 21 that he prepared a statement or a
memorandum of all events concerning the day's desire.
Mr. Chairman, the word is, the word and records, is very well, that he prepared a written
statement.
You've got Mr. Wilson, I can't believe he's saying these.
A long way concerning the day's desire, you've already said testimony read.
Yes, sir.
And Mr. Secretary, do you know as a matter of fact that two days there is on January 23,
Mr. Adams began the preparation of that statement just yesterday.
Well, he did not begin that preparation of that statement.
Did you suggest you made it?
No, I was out of the country.
I only gave you another excerpt from the testimony of Mr. Adams.
Page 26, 25, Mr. Wells.
Mr. Adams, when did you begin dictating this memorandum which was conceived by Mr. Rogers?
You understand we're referring to Mr. Rogers, the assistant attorney general of the Mr. Brown
L, is that correct?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Adams, on the following morning, which was the 23rd of January, I've been very disturbed
about the substance in the meeting in Senator McCrarty's apartment and I have been disturbed
about the events of the week.
You probably learned upon your return and you certainly know now that Mr. Adams had a conference
with Senator McCrarty in the apartment.
One evening of January 22, one day, I served his meeting with Mr. Sherman Adams and others.
Correct, is it?
Yes.
Are you being out of the country?
Are you not letting me give suggestions to Mr. Adams that he's been given the preparation
of this memorandum?
Mr. Adams, 25, decides that on the 21st day of January, Mr. Sherman Adams, the gistens
of his info and perhaps Mr. Rogers, the gistens that he's been told.
Would you not now say Mr. Secretary, in all fact, that Mr. Adams prepared our studies of
preparation of all events a written document of all events pertaining to the David Shine
artistic gistens of either Mr. Sherman Adams or Mr. Rogers?
Well, he does not prepare some to be served.
Stephen?
Well, I was looking at Mr. Adams' custom on me here and he says he was very much disturbed
and I think he simply began to put these things down, get it from shape so he can report to
me when I got back and seem to me to be a very natural thing to do.
He further says that two days prior to the preparation of this statement, Mr. Sherman Adams
said he suggested he did it.
Mr. Chairman, once again, Mr. Statement Mr. James, in favor of me, he will read on page 262.
He will find that what Mr. Adams did as a result of the suggestion was to dictate a whole series
of memorandum for his files about the events.
And on a later occasion, those were all told together and were used in some places
for the full-called places of events that were sent to Senator Potter.
Now, what's Mr. Adams?
He's, I'm not sure what he's going to talk about as an author.
Not the funny thing was to dictate as any lawyer might a whole series of memorandum
arose in his diary and he's a resume of his telephone call and gets together what
human suggestions and I would call the role material for his files.
Now that unquestedly took place, but that, sir, is one step, one long step removed
and one long step prior to the preparation of the paper had its events.
Did he not further statement to us that statement of the event which he began to prepare
on January 23rd was used as a basis upon which this homological 34-page statement of events
was prepared.
I think he must have thought that he must have thought that he must have thought that he must have thought that very well.
And now, Mr. Stevens, again, you were a way to give him the files that he prepared
in the raw statement, Mr. Welch calls it from which later the 34-page document was prepared.
And Mr. Adams says that he was advised by Mr. Sherman Adams and Mr. Rogers to scold him.
Now, question now is, isn't it a file of such a, that's the basis upon which the 34-page event was prepared
was prepared by Mr. John Adams, that's his suggestion of Mr. Sherman Adams and Mr. Rogers.
Mr. I personally don't feel that way about it.
Now, I think that as a good lawyer and a man who was very much discerred was the events of the trip place
such as the meeting of his report with Senator McCarthy, Senator McCarthy's home.
I think he was in an orderly way, getting things together, having some kind of a file on this situation
to discuss with me when I got back.
And, certainly, he did that on his own initiative.
But perhaps as a result of a suggestion, but certainly not as a result of any order.
They will. Now, do you think, if he's conceded to Mr. Adams as a good lawyer, he was conferring with good lawyers?
I'm sure you can see that. Mr. Brown, Mr. Rogers, Mr. Adams, Mr. Adams, and your fellow margin others,
he was conferring an advising museum.
He states in his testimony under oath that they made his suggestions that at least two of the parties present.
Good lawyers, Mr. Sherman Adams don't let his lawyer not, Mr. Rogers is the lawyer.
They made his suggestion that he prepares Mr. Wells says in the role a statement of all events concerning
G-David Chai. Now, that's conceded, isn't it? That's his testimony. He already made this morning.
And it is conceded that on the 23rd day of January, two days later, he began the preparation of such a statement.
You heard that, that's his testimony.
That's correct.
Well, Mr. Stevens, do I now understand you just say that perhaps being the good lawyer that Mr. Adams is,
and having consulted with good lawyers, he began the preparation of this statement from which the 34-page document was mainly drafted,
as the suggestion of Mr. Sherman Adams and Mr. Rogers. Is that a fair assumption, Mr. Secretary?
Well, as the suggestion was made, what do you think of this bureaucratic holiday?
I believe it was influenced by it to any extent in the preparation of this statement in the role of Mr. Wells Colton.
Well, I think it's better as Mr. Adams that question.
But I wasn't in the country. I don't know exactly.
Wasn't Mr. Adams how he reacted and not set a certain standard?
Well, we're trying to find out who inspired the preparation of the first link in the chain of events that led to what's occurring here today,
this investigation.
And I thought I understood you just say while ago you make correct me a fireman error that you said that perhaps are no doubt that Mr. Adams was following the suggestion.
All those parties were meeting for it on January 26th.
I'm a writer and a wrong. He certainly apparently had that suggestion and as a good lawyer he commence to put this law material together to no doubt about Mr. Jackson.
In that case, pursuant to that suggestion, not necessarily.
Well, I'm not going to say anything.
But was he influenced in your opinion?
Well, maybe he took the Jenkins in all fairness.
I think you'd have to ask Mr. Adams what went on to his mind and I kind of have no further questions.
At the same conference on January 21st, Mr. Adams testified that the deputy Attorney General Mr. Roger suggested that he just go this situation concerning Colin and Shine and concerning also the subpoena of the lawyer directly.
With one of the Democratic members of the committee, I should say a Democrat who was formerly a member of the committee, he was not a member at the same time, then the McCleller.
And he, Mr. Adams, acquaint you of that fact that he had been asked for the deputy Attorney General to discuss the situation with the former ranking Democratic member of the committee.
I learned about that.
He follows up to get the chairman.
Yes, the chairman Colin and Judge Rihanna DeRome.
Would you mind going over that conflict again so he could hear it?
Are you happy to have the report or are we decoliqued?
Yes, I am.
Chairman.
At the same conference on January 23rd, Mr. Adams testified that the deputy Attorney General Mr. Roger suggested that he just test the situation concerning Colin and Shine and concerning also the subpoena of the law of the record.
With one of the Democratic members of the committee, I should say a Democrat who was formerly a member of the committee, he was not a member at the same time, but a member of the committee.
Mr. Adams, acquaint you of that fact that he had been asked by the deputy Attorney General to discuss the situation with the former ranking Democratic member of the subcommittee.
Mr. Stevens, yes, I learned about that later.
Mr. Adams, the chairman, that illusion is apparently to a conference with Senator McClellan.
I think the right to chose that conference that plays fire to the meeting after the problem of justice.
On the 19th of January, I believe.
I didn't, it wasn't until the 20th century, the country made it to get to it.
Very well, I thought it was all at the same time.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you for correcting me. The next question would be equally valid either way.
What it seemed to me a logical assumption that Mr. Adams followed the suggestion of Mr. Rogers in the first instance, he might well have followed it also in the second instance.
I'm not sure I understand that.
I thought it was better.
Two different events.
There's a theme of logic for the assumption that Mr. Adams followed the suggestion that Mr. Rogers made about going to the senator McClellan.
He would also have followed the suggestion that Mr. Rogers made to reduce the writing of this chronology.
I think Mr. Adams, like myself, is amenable to suggest him for trying to accomplish something.
I think that the entire logical assumption on this in 21 is put up the record.
There were no order, he didn't, there were no order, he didn't do anything wrong that long.
He's not an order, he can accomplish something in the public.
That's right.
Yes, this was the testimony here.
Mr. Adams is a reading from page 261-8, Mr. Welk.
Mr. Adams, the testimony.
Just for that reason, I requested an interview with the Attorney General.
Mr. Rogers arranged for the next day, which was the 21st of January.
Later that afternoon, the 21st of January, Mr. Rogers telephoned me and asked me if I would go and see Senator McClellan.
Later on, the front page, sir.
261-8.
The front of the page.
I'm beginning of the first complete new paragraph, by the words, for that reason.
For that reason, I would find it.
We're apparently confused here someplace Senator on date.
For that reason, I requested an interview with the Attorney General, which Mr. Rogers arranged for the next day, which was the 21st of January.
Later that afternoon, Mr. Rogers telephoned me and asked me if I would go and see Senator McClellan.
Who I did not know and tell me the story and how these matters seem to be related.
He arranged for your point.
I went to see Senator McClellan about 6 o'clock in the evening of January 20th.
So I've done that that I quoted as the... I like to correct my date.
I said January 19th.
Yes, but what he wanted today.
Right.
I have no further questions.
Senator McClellan.
The life of our names is taken in vain while I was there for the Jews and the Walsh.
The same as the Adams related to you that he had had a conference with me at the instance of Mr. Rogers.
That could be a thing, General.
I learned about it from time later, Senator McClellan, the south and the south and the southeast of the pond.
Did he relate to you the substance of that conference with blood and blood?
I don't recall, as he said, of the details that I suggested that he go to the Republican members of the committee.
I just don't remember the point he called me a public district.
Did he tell you that I suggested after he gave me this information that I would not have used it unless he put it in writing?
Did he tell you that?
I don't recall it.
I would say it doesn't exist on a regular basis.
Did he tell you that the purpose of coming to see me was because the Lord of the Lord was being defeated just as.
And that, he had saved me from the force, he knew.
And you are near if you would know too.
That if the Lord of the Lord refused the answers to see me, the only action the committee could take would be to either...
...a dark day resolution calling on the Senate.
The sites the members of the Lord's darkened camp are to reject such a resolution.
And that such a resolution would have to come before the close to the media, which I was a member.
You used that, didn't you?
Did he relate to that to you?
I don't recall all of that specifically kind of a problem.
The prior they told you that I advised him to go to the Republican members of the Senate.
Can you recall that?
I like tough death.
There are an interesting advice for once more helpful.
That is the WD attorney general with the government of the Democrats.
It's a lot of my question of that.
I think they've come to the Democrats and listen to those little moody women who have written their song in their hands.
Are they concluded?
As underdaction.
As underdaction?
Mr. Stevens, on page 1458, he testified, and I quote,
this referring to this report, that the connection relates one moment sentence until we get it.
Certainly, I agree.
Page 1458.
While they're looking for this testimony, let's return to our studios across the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
The boxing from Eastern Parkway in Supertoler 7.
The slamming, slug says, this mob Baker against Joe Backing, in a 10-round heavyweight made event, not a chance.
The ultimate boxing from Eastern Parkway, gone to the power of 7 to 9 to 10.
He quit.
Perfect coordinated.
And who talked to whom?
This was referenced to the meeting in the Pentagon the night of February 24.
I believe that's correct.
Secretary Stevens, if it was originated then or any other time, which I very much doubt, I have no knowledge of it.
And I had nothing to do with it.
Send them a card.
You say you had nothing to do with it?
Absolutely nothing to do with it.
Senator McCarthy, did you ever discuss with Adam the preparation of these charges, Secretary Stevens?
I'm sure I must have talked to Mr. Adams about it.
After all, he was a department consular, yes.
I was questioned today if the point I want to try to make here by confumer on very briefly after all this discussion.
What your position is with reference to this matter.
My position is this is not a swear campaign.
You mean the charges that you find?
That's correct.
No, Mr. Secretary, do I understand your position to be that while you were out of the Congress, in the Far East, Mr. Adams did have conversations with various people, including this meeting of January 21st, conferred with other people, probably in a defense department.
And then he proceeded to prepare a firm memory, rough notes, which was the basis later for the preparation of the charges by Mr. Brown and Mr. Hempels Office, and which you later ordered, released to the members of the committee and other parties on the Hill who have requested the information.
That's right.
So that's the substance I'm trying to, in my own mind, just get the situation clarified.
I do understand from you then that consul and advice was received from people above, that is in the defense department, and over this meeting on January 21st by Mr. Adams and maybe others within the department of the Army.
That advice was taken back to the Department of the Army and then you made the decision to whether this material should be released.
Does that substance of this system?
I think that's the substance of it, it's my responsibility.
No order came from the law, that is, the entire authority directing you to release this system.
No, no, sir, that's a good idea.
The information was obtained through the collaboration of a lot of people in the executive branch.
That's incorrect.
And it's your understanding that after this meeting on January 21st, no order was given to release that information but only to collect it, and to put it down in memorandum form.
There was no order to collect it, there was a suggestion I had about having some memorandum on the subject.
But no order was made which was the basis, and which you, there was no order issued at that time which later became the basis for your order to release the notion.
Now Mr. Chairman, there's one other thing that I, in fairness to Senator Lodge, I think I must say that the record is a bit confused.
I understand, by your say, that he was working at the White House after the research of the United Nations.
I believe there was a test release I'm informed, issued by the White House saying that he was working for the White House on matters relating to the Hill.
I want to be fair, I know that the public must be a bit confused why the representatives of the United Nations was at this meeting, and I was suggest that appropriate officials supply this committee with a release of what the White House gave to the press at the time he went to work if that is the fact for the White House.
I just want the record to be complete as I mentioned here, and I mentioned this, and I want to be fair.
So here he actually has a legitimate suggestion in the fact that you're released.
Well, I don't have it. I assume the Secretary of France or the government just supply that.
I would like to ask Mr. Welch as comfortable as he could find out from the White House if that's the fact.
I'm doing this only as a matter of fairness. I'm asking only Mr. Welch that you give the committee back, which is previously just made public.
I don't know there will be no possible one of these record awards.
Then the exact and new battery when you and I have a ready access to the White House, I have not reached that busy height.
However, I can help you, and I think you're in very difficult one. If there's anything I can do, you know how to be happy to do it.
Mr. Welch, the press was called to my attention the fact that a press release, been issued by the White House, I believe, back in November.
But he was after the recess of the United Nations that he was working on the lead with the White House in connection with matters on Capitol Hill or matters related to Senate.
I'm only making this observation the third of the Senate is so direct of these things.
And I think he had that fact and I'll be glad to cooperate within my power, sir.
Senator Dirkton?
Senator Povenham?
Senator Potter?
Senator Charlie Edison?
Senator Mitchell Business?
Senator Tommy?
Senator Chairman, I feel a little like the fat lady when the circus has fell down, this is up to a neck of a mishit.
I'm up to my neck and legal thought here about this situation and I'd like to get out of here before fall.
I'd like to ask the secretary this question.
You remember the executive branch of the government, is that correct?
Yes sir.
And in your absence Mr. Adams decided that he would make up a record of the conversations that he'd had with respect to the problem of Mr. G. David Shahn.
Is that right, yes sir?
He submitted those to you when you got back from your trip.
I thought...
Uh...
After you received those, did you discuss those with Secretary Wilson?
I've kept Secretary Wilson from time to time and form, yes.
And did you discuss those with anybody else in the executive branch of the government that you could remember on-hand?
I don't think outside of the department of the front-centered.
But at one time the executive branch of the government was respected, he's legislated, the legislated branch decided that they had a problem.
You can at any time to release that problem because they felt as I understand it, they...
So your secretary factor is in use against Mr. executive branch and therefore the entire executive branch in effect was involved.
That's why a lot of territory is not under fire.
Well, I just want to find out if we've got to talk to the majority of the territory of the government.
What I'm trying to say is that why we're calling it right now is we...
And we've had two witnesses so far. You and Mr. Adams, and I'm trying to push it on.
The reason for this is that if any party of the executive branch is in use, then by any chance, one of them will be able to do it.
It's the matter for the executive side of the government that these charges have been made about undue pressures.
But the future takes a responsibility of issuing the charges because it's under use. That's correct.
I have no further questions, Mr. Adams.
And the door check? Mr. Welch? I have no questions.
And I'm a graduate, Mr. Comon.
Mr. Adams, the position to be of the students that will give more time to you is finally clear, I hope.
Did you... or did or not, you...